NGINX 기술은 15년 이상 웹 사이트가 트래픽 급증에 대처하고 확장하고 대처하는 데 도움을 주었습니다. F5 및 NGINX에서는 웹 사이트 또는 모바일 응용 프로그램을 운영하고 COVID-19의 영향을 기대하는 경우 도움을 원합니다. 돕기 위해, 우리는 다음과 같습니다 :

핵심 교육을 열고 NGINX 오픈 소스가 어떻게 도움이 되는지 교육하기 위해 콘텐츠를 무상으로 제공합니다.
직원들이 스택 오버플로에서 NGINX를 사용하려는 영향을 받는 웹 사이트에 대한 도움 요청에 응답하는 데 업무 시간을 할애하도록 장려1 #nginxhelp 사용하여트위터에 @nginx 채널 .
교육, 공공 정부 및 비영리 부문에 거주하는 사람들에게 NGINX Plus 의 1 년 무료 제공을 통해 추가 지원을 제공합니다.
당신은 혼자가 아닙니다
Coronavirus가 전 세계를 휩쓸고 있는 가운데, 기업들은 직원들에게 가정에서 일하도록 요청하고, 학교는 가까운 곳에서 일하거나 원격 학습 모델을 고려하고 있으며, 지역 사회 조직은 WHO의 지침을 따르는 동안 증가하는 회원 요구를 충족시키려고 노력하고 있습니다. 불행히도 최선의 의도만으로는 충분하지 않습니다. 이러한 조직 중 일부는 사람들이 연결 상태를 유지하고 정보를 유지할 수 있도록 웹 사이트 및 기타 리소스를 확장하는 데 어려움을 겪고 있습니다.

우리는 전 세계의 많은 사람들이 당신이 자신을 느낄 수 있습니다 얼마나 압도에도 불구하고, 이 건강 위기에 의해 생성 된 전례없는 기술 문제를 처리하는 최전선에 지역 사회와 조직을 돕기 위해 열망하는 것을 사랑해요. 그리고 NGINX에서 우리는 돕고 싶어.

방법? NGINX 소프트웨어를 웹 사이트의 기존 인프라 앞에 두면 즉시 성능과 수요를 충족하도록 확장할 수 있는 능력이 향상됩니다. 너무 좋은 소리가 나면 전 세계에서 가장 바쁜 웹 사이트의 40% 이상이 이미 NGINX를 사용하여 하이퍼스케일 애플리케이션을 제공한다는 점을 고려하십시오.

NGINX를 비교적 새로 접하는 사람도 30분 이내에 배포할 수 있습니다. 많은 NGINX 전문가들이 더 빠르게 할 수 있습니다. 그래서 함께 협력하여 선을 하고 그렇게 할 수 있도록 합시다. 누구나 기여할 수 있습니다.

기술적이지 않은 교육자, 대행사 직원 및 비영리 근로자, 서비스 소비자 – 가능하면 이 블로그를 조직과 직접 공유하여 웹마스터 또는 IT 시스템 관리자에게 직접 문의하십시오.
웹마스터 및 IT 관리자 – 이 블로그를 읽고 이 중요한 시기에 NGINX를 신속하게 설치하고 사용할 수 있도록 제공하는 무료 리소스에 대해 알아보십시오.
NGINX OSS 커뮤니티 회원 – NGINX 전문 지식을 도움이 필요한 사람들과 공유하세요! 스택 오버플로의 nginx 태그 팔로우1 질문에 답할 수 있도록 도와줍니다.
이 블로그는 이러한 세 가지 그룹을 모두 돕기 위해 고안되었지만, NGINX에 익숙하다고 가정하는 것이 좋습니다. NGINX를 모두 함께 접하는 경우 NGINX 및 F5 DNS 클라우드 서비스가 어떻게 도움이 되는지확인하세요.

빠른 속도로 증가하기 위한 무료 리소스
우리는 시간이 본질이라는 것을 이해합니다. 그래서 우리는 당신이 빨리 갈 수 있도록 자원의 집합을 선별했습니다.

소프트웨어
사이트의 규모와 성능을 높이기 위해 많은 인기있는 운영 체제에 대한 사전 구축 된 NGINX 오픈 소스 바이너리, 모든 OS에 대한 자세한 설치 지침.
예를 들어 지리적으로 가장 가까운 서버로 사용자를 가리키는 등 부하 분산을 최적화하는 F5 DNS 로드 밸런서 클라우드 서비스의 프리 티어입니다.
백업, DDoS 보호 및 자동 확장을 제공하는 보조 DNS 서비스로 F5 DNS 클라우드 서비스의 프리 티어입니다.
문서 및 방법
NGINX 초보자 가이드.
NGINX 오픈 소스 설명서.
NGINX 플러스 관리자 가이드. 관리자 가이드의 대부분의 정보는 NGINX 오픈 소스에도 적용되며, 특히 웹 서비스와 같은 기본 기능에도 적용됩니다. NGINX Plus전용 기능은 명확하게 표시됩니다.
NGINX 요리 책 : 고성능 부하 균형을위한 고급 조리법. 우리는 많은 사용 사례에 대한 단계별 조리법을 제공하기 때문에 O'Reilly에서이 전자 책을 제한없이 제공하고 있습니다. 다음 장으로 시작합니다.

Chapter 1. Basics
Chapter 2. High‑Performance Load Balancing (note that Section  2.10, Active Health Checks, applies only to NGINX Plus)
Chapter 3. Traffic Management
Section 6.1. HTTP Basic Authentication
Chapter 10. Cloud Deployments, if you need to deploy on a public or private cloud
DNS Load Balancer Cloud Service documentation.
DNS Cloud Service documentation.
Training
NGINX Core virtual training. This self‑paced eLearning course provides the foundation you need to administer, configure, and manage NGINX using best practices. Request free access to the course.
F5 DNS Load Balancer Cloud Service – deploy with APIs.This video demo shows you how to add DNS Load Balancer Cloud Server into your web service infrastructure.
F5 Cloud Services: Deploying the DNS Cloud Service Using APIs. This video demonstrates how to add a secondary DNS for failover in your web service infrastructure.
Support
For questions about NGINX, the NGINX channel on Stack Overflow1. NGINX employees are monitoring this channel and will respond to questions and requests as quickly as possible. We ask community members to join us in monitoring the channel to see if they can help, particularly with organizations in their local area.

When asking a question, follow these best practices:

So that we and NGINX community members see your question is related to this initiative, include #nginxhelp in the Title field and nginx in the Tags field.
Specify your operating system and the NGINX version you’re using (run the nginx -V command to get this), and whether you downloaded NGINX from our repo or somewhere else. If you didn’t download it from the NGINX repo, please specify all download details such as URL.
Include your NGINX configuration file (disguise hostnames and IP addresses as necessary).
If NGINX is generating errors, include the relevant sections of the access and error logs (/var/log/nginx/access.log and /var/log/nginx/error.log).
Provide full details about your NGINX use case and the functionality you’re trying to implement.
To amplify your Stack Overflow1 question for a quicker response, consider posting a link to it on the @nginx channel on Twitter using #nginxhelp.
For questions about DNS Load Balancer Cloud Service and DNS Cloud Service, the F5 Cloud Services community on DevCentral. The F5 Cloud Services team is actively monitoring the community to provide prompt responses.
External Resources
Over NGINX’s 15‑year history, many community members have created online resources that you may find helpful. We suggest you do searches for articles, videos, and free online training. You can also find information about DNS load balancing and DNS services to supplement your knowledge.

How NGINX and F5 DNS Cloud Services Help
NGINX is the popular and high‑performance web server used at millions of websites worldwide. Initially released as open source software in 2004, NGINX is a lightweight, stable solution to ensure uninterrupted traffic and uptime at your site. All of the NGINX Open Source code is publicly visible and free to use. Contributions can be made by anyone in the broader community, as well as by NGINX developers.

Maybe you’re a school faced with deploying distance learning capabilities. Perhaps you’re an IT Admin for a large regional hospital struggling to keep patient test results available on your secured website. For these cases and countless more, NGINX can help your website quickly and responsively handle increased load.

Used by most of the world’s busiest websites because it’s scalable and high‑performance, NGINX can act as a reverse proxy, web server, and load balancer. It helps ensure that traffic coming to your website gets through to the server more quickly, your end users receive responses (that is, requested web pages) faster, and large numbers of traffic requests coming in at the same time are handled without problems.

Here’s an example of a basic web server setup:



When people use their browser to access a web page, whether from a mobile device, tablet, laptop, or desktop, the request goes via the Internet to the relevant web server. If many people request pages within a short time, the web server can get overloaded. At best, an overloaded server can take a long time to deliver a page; at worst, it is unable to respond at all. The server is doing many activities, including retrieving web page content and handling the large number of connection requests from clients. You can see how it could get overloaded!

No matter which web server you’re using, adding NGINX in front of it as a reverse proxy can improve its performance and scale. NGINX uses a very efficient method to handle incoming requests, meaning that it can handle very large traffic volumes without getting overloaded, and pass requests on to the web server in a way it can handle. This in turn prevents the web server from getting overloaded and slowing down, or even failing. By adding NGINX you’re dividing the labor: NGINX handles incoming requests, while the web server accesses and serves web pages. NGINX can further reduce the load on the web server by storing common responses (also known as caching) so that the web server doesn’t need to handle them fresh every time.



Keep in mind that your organization might be using a third‑party service like WordPress or Google Docs to host its website, rather than running its own web server. If you’re not sure, check with your IT administrator. In this case, the third party is running the reverse proxy and web server, and is responsible for handling user requests to your website. If the website isn’t performing well, you might talk to the third party and suggest they try NGINX. We’re happy to help them improve the performance and scale of the websites they host, for free with NGINX Open Source – just like we can help for sites you’re hosting yourself.

The Domain Name System (DNS) is how web clients and servers translate a URL into an IP address and vice versa. For example, imagine your users want to connect to www.healthcaregroup.org. The user enters the URL for the Healthcare Group, and contacts a DNS server to get the actual IP address. DNS is basically a way to look up a web server address, just like we used to use the Yellow Pages to look up an organization’s physical address. Load balancers (and web servers) use a DNS server to help their clients connect to them. The DNS server specifies the address of each part of the website. A DNS server can get overloaded if there are a lot of requests for the addresses it maintains. You can add DNS Cloud Service as a secondary DNS so that client requests still get directed to the correct address when your DNS server is under load  – or even if it goes down.



When building a web site composed of multiple applications, each application has its own requirements. For example, the Healthcare Group’s results application, accessible at www.healthcare.org/results, may need to perform more quickly and deal with large amounts of patient data which is updated all the time. In contrast, the Healthcare Group home page, www.healthcare.org, might contain simple text and pictures and not change very often. To manage these different requirements, IT operations and developers often decouple the apps within a site, and then ensure that each individual app has the resources it needs to perform and scale.

In this example, responses from the home‑page app can be cached, since the content doesn’t change very often; adding in NGINX provides caching. To ensure that the results app is always available, the Healthcare Group’s operations team might add failover by having two servers host the app. That way if a request goes to server1 which is down, it can go to server2 and the client still gets a response. By adding DNS Load Balancer Cloud Service, the Healthcare Group can ensure that requests to the critical results app always find a web server that is up, even routing requests to the geographically closest server.

Configuration How-Tos for Common Use Cases
Some of our users have asked for more detailed information about applying NGINX and F5 technology to specific use cases, and our NGINX and F5 technical experts have answered the call with these how‑to blogs. Have a use case you’d like help with, or want to help fellow NGINX community members with your own tips? Let us know in the comments section at the end of the blog!

Enabling Video Streaming for Remote Learning with NGINX and NGINX Plus – Nina Forsyth shows how to configure NGINX Open Source and NGINX Plus to stream video for remote learning. James Jones backs her up with step-by-step demo videos.
Help the World by Healing Your NGINX Configuration – Michał Rogala offers five tips for optimizing your website’s efficiency and reducing bandwith on the global network so that the most critical services can be delivered to those in need.
For More Advanced Needs
Some of you in the education, public government, or non‑profit sectors may find that you need more capabilities and support than are available with NGINX Open Source. For example, you may have multiple servers hosted in different regions or need advanced load-balancing algorithms and authentication.

In such cases, subject to review and approval, we’re offering even more free help: a one‑year license for up to five instances of NGINX Plus, the commercial version of NGINX Open Source. Apply for an NGINX Plus license.2

Note: You don’t have to wait for your NGINX Plus license before improving your website’s performance. Get started with NGINX Open Source, and then move to NGINX Plus when you receive the license.

F5 DNS Load Balancer Cloud Service3 provides a free tier of intelligent load balancing for traffic across all your NGINX deployments by directing users to the most appropriate destination based on their location and the availability of each NGINX server.

For guidance on NGINX Plus, we suggest looking at the more advanced capabilities discussed in Chapters 6–9 and 11–16 of the NGINX Cookbook: Advanced Recipes for Performance Load Balancing.

For guidance on F5 Cloud Services, see the online documentation referenced in Documentation and How‑Tos.

우리는 함께 이 것 안에 있습니다
NGINX는 열정적이고 글로벌한 사용자 커뮤니티를 갖게 되어 매우 행운입니다. 우리는 그 독창성과 관대함, 영에 결코 놀라지 않을 것입니다. 우리는 COVID-19 전염병 동안 우리 모두가이 선함을 전달하고 가능한 한 많은 연속성을 보장 할 수 있기를 바랍니다.

그래서 NGINX 초보자와 NGINX 전문가 모두에게 이러한 노력을 도와드리고자 합니다.

이 블로그 게시물을 다시 확인하고 #nginxhelp사용하여 트위터에서 우리를 팔로우하여 관련 업데이트에 대한 정보를 유지하십시오.

의심의 여지가, 이들은 도전적인 시간입니다. 그리고 우리는 진심으로 함께, 우리는 선을 할 수 있다고 생각합니다.

사전에 감사합니다, 당신의 우리의 지역 사회에서.

진심으 로

NGINX/F5의 직원


1스택 오버플로우는 타사 웹 사이트이며 F5와 제휴하지 않습니다. Inc. F5 및 그 계열사는 스택 오버플로우 또는 기타 제3자 웹사이트에 게시된 콘텐츠(일반 정보 및 제안된 질문 해결 방법 포함)에 대한 책임을 부인합니다.

2NGINX Plus 라이선스는 최종 사용자 사용권 계약의조건이 적용됩니다.